Verbose information on permissions (#62)
LycheeOrg/LycheeOrg.github.io: docs/installation.md

Note that there are up to three OS users which need to be taken into consideration:

 - The user who is running the Web server daemon; called the **Web user** in the following.
   Depending on your distribution and web server typically this user is called `apache`, `nginx`, `www` or `www-data`.
 - (Optional) The user who is running the PHP FPM (or PHP CGI) pool; called the **PHP user** in the following.
   Not every setup uses PHP FPM or PHP CGI.
   For example, Apache executes the PHP interpreter as part of its own process if the extension `mod_php` is used.
   In case PHP FPM is used, for most distributions PHP FPM or CGI ships with a sensible default configuration which ensures that the PHP user is the same as the Web user.
   In both cases the PHP user is not of concern.
   However, we are at least aware of one exception to this rule for Nginx on Fedora, see [FAQ](https://lycheeorg.github.io/docs/faq.html#i-know-my-file-permissions-for-storage-bootstrapcache-publicuploads-and-publicdist-are-correct-and-accessible-by-my-web-server-user-but-im-still-getting-a-php-error-when-writing-to-any-of-these-directories)

>  - The user which you use for shell logins and run scripts; called the **CLI user** in the following.
>    This user may of particular concern, if you are planning to upload photos via the web interface _and_ import photos via the shell scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The user which you use for shell logins and to run scripts; called the **CLI user** in the following.
   This user may be of particular concern, if you are planning to upload photos via the web interface _and_ import photos via the shell scripts.
```

> The following permissions must be granted at least:

Reviewer 2: I noticed this whole list is just PHP+Web, so it would save repeating it. I'm not sure how well it would fit with the "if you also..." part though, so feel free to ignore this.
```suggestion
At a minimum, the following permissions must be granted to the Web and PHP users:
```

Author: I am fine with putting "At a minimum" upfront. But I am not happy with adding "Web and PHP users", because this is the heading for the entire list and the list also contains statement about the CLI user (last entry).

Reviewer 2: "At a minimum" was just there to make the end fit better, and yeah, I saw that after the fact. I feel it might be able to be trimmed but I'm not in the headspace for that right now and it's good enough:tm:

 - All directories and files of the Lychee installation must at least be readable by the Web and PHP user.
 - Directories and files within the `storage/` and the `bootstrap/cache/` directories must be writable by the Web and PHP user.

>  - If you which to customise the CSS via the web frontend, directories and files within the `public/dist` directory must be writable by the Web and PHP user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - If you wish to customise the CSS via the web frontend, directories and files within the `public/dist` directory must be writable by the Web and PHP user.
```

 - Directories and files within the `public/uploads` and `public/sym` must at least be writeable by the Web and PHP user.
   If you only intend to upload files via the web frontend, this is sufficient.
   If you also plan to use the CLI to import files, the directories and files must additionally be writeable by the CLI user.

>    It is not sufficient, if only already existing directories are writeable by the Web, PHP and CLI user, all directories and files yet to be created must be so, too.
>    The recommended way is to ensure that all three users are at least member of one joined group, e.g. you may add your CLI user to the group used by the Web and PHP user.
>    The directory and files then needs to owned by this group and be group writeable.
>    On top, the special `sgid` bit needs to be set for all directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It is not sufficient, if only already existing directories are writeable by the Web, PHP and CLI user; all directories and files yet to be created must be so, too.
   The recommended way is to ensure that all three users are at least members of one joined group, e.g., you may add your CLI user to the group used by the Web and PHP user.
   The directories and files then need to owned by this group and be group writeable.
   Further, the special `sgid` bit needs to be set for all directories.
```
